Update README.md (#108)
KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper-Reimagined: README.md

------------------
VoxelSniper is being built against the Spigot 1.19 API.

What version do I pick?

| Minecraft version | VoxelSniper version                                                                |
|-------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| *1.16*\*          | [8.3.0](https://github.com/KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper-Reimagined/releases/tag/v8.3.0) |
| *1.17*\*          | [8.3.0](https://github.com/KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper-Reimagined/releases/tag/v8.3.0) |
| 1.18              | [Latest](https://github.com/KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper-Reimagined/releases/latest)    |
| 1.19              | [Latest](https://github.com/KevinDaGame/VoxelSniper-Reimagined/releases/latest)    |

> \* Please note that we will not provide support for the latest voxelsniper version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\* Please note that we will not provide support when using the latest VoxelSniper version with this Minecraft version
```

Author: We leveren uberhaubt geen support voor 8.3.0 meer vind ik. Dat valt niet te onderhouden als er bugs zijn
